good only that we are following
minecraft 360 and good
I bring you news, good news
information so warm warm water
neither very hot is waiting for
see if he released more information the 24
votes studies but good seeing that
arrived on Friday they did not say anything today
basically on weekends not to be
make it something important for a
altercation or something like that is not better
do it well then it turns out they talked
enough things this week
basically interesting things the truth
quite interesting that we were not
what I said four months ago for
back in December, November the theme of
texture packs leads to programs
conventions the first thing that good said
what
what about the youtubers of the people of
youtube from the united kingdom of usa and more
I was preparing a special or
something like that and between all of them for
On May 9, the first
anniversary of minecraft and by live or
be it on May 9 a year ago that they go that
necessary for xbox 360 and then so
they were going to prepare some flames and
good and they started then
ask if without four eyes studies
Well, I was also going to prepare something,
special and they said yes but I do not know
they animate so it was worth it that on 9
May mate a surprise but no no
we will know what
and then people started to
ask why they had previously
asked about the texture packs and
they said that the pacts and textures already
is it so
ie almost
let's say they are in development so
say it because he says they have all the
team support to make the bread of
texture but can not say anything else or
I would dare to say that
maybe
for summer so we will have part of
textures that did say that for 9 of
may not be part of texture the
surprise is that there is a surprise on 9
May so we'll see what it is but for
textures will not do have said that the
parts and textures have all the support
so to say that they are in let's say it
doing it but they can not say anything
closer to those of the packs of
textures is also good after
they talked about the 103 session and others
surely they are going to correct the books
that there is dynamite right now and
all that have already corrected us
they said if you are going to do an update
in the correction plan of books or
or a normal update that is with
Novelty things and bug fixes today
it's going to be just with google networks
they did not specify very well what what
what I was going to do is worth then
recap we have the 9th day there is no
a surprise that you do not know what
it can be
but
well I would dare to say that I do not know
maybe something new an update
again no idea the truth an impact is not
You know why they also said some of the
of the skis for I think it was that
they were working for the next
already skin version for something that would be
the skin park we took room 54 I do not know
what or what would be but good here and zone
working on them so for a
part we have part of textures that do not
we know when it will only be said
that yes it is confirmed that they are
working on textures packs worth
the skin so it is also confirmed that
they are working on it and we have
surprise on May 9 so it can be
that surprise well no we do not know
the truth see what it is I do not know is not
that no one has the slightest idea they have
asked but they said they are not going to
say nothing that we will know on 9
May and the truth is that we are good
pretty me at least I'm pretty
anxious to know and is that the truth that
well the surprises of them tend to be
Pretty good
you have to remember the surprise
Christmas we have an update
without anyone expecting the truth and
they worked hard to carry it out
so well I do not know how to leave in the
comments that you start
you want me to be personally I do not know
is that they do not see I do not know what can be
I would have preferred the truth that they were
the textures pack but already at
confirm that the files will not be
of textures because I just do not know
think that it will be I do not know also the
servers that 24 hours would come
pretty good if you do not know that after
through the channel and a video that follows
explaining it in the end there are many things that
I would like it to be but the truth is not
I have not the faintest idea that you can
be but good nothing was basically for
report these things I hope that you
I liked it and not leave the
comments that you think you make
put or something similar is nothing I hope that
you liked the video a greeting to
all and until next time